There are a lot of people tha want to spnd cryptocurreny.
There are a lot of services to be bought, products to be sold, a  lot of value to be ccreated.
There's a market that exists for people that want to pay by cryptocurrency and people that want to accept cryptcurrency in exchange for value.
There's a market for people that are willing to pay cryptocurrency and people that are willing to accept fiat only for services and products/ value provided.

There is a need that has to be fulilled in this market.

Bit refill is filling the market for people that want to buy gift cards, top up  airtime to sim cards and so forth, but there are other products and services for which this can be used.

Earlier, one of the leading causes for friction was that bitcoin transaction fees were quite high and people weren't willing to foot a variable fee for value availed apart from the time difference for the transaction to confirm over a period of time.
In recent light of events, with the adoption of the lightning network, much of thhe fricttion has reducedd.
People that had to waiit for 6 confimations, now don't have to. People that did not want to pay those exorbitanty high fees now don't have to.

Often what the end consumers do not reallize is that what ever costs a lot to produce will eventually become a high selling price paid for, by them. Implying cheaper operational costs for the company has a likely possibility of the service or the product beiing delivered for a lower price.

The paymment middleware proposes that there be a payment middleware for those that are willing to pay using bitcoin.
The paymment middleware shall be integrated to the payment gateway of apps like Uber, Ola and so on.

The end user sends a certain amount of bitcoin to a wallet generated by the payment processing company. The lightning channell opens. The trannsctions are made by the
For availing say a poduct or a serviece, the process wll be as follows:
- User sends bitcoin to a wallet created on the serverside
- User opens a lightning channel on the node hosted by the payment processor
- The User receives a virtual credit card and pin that authenticates him to the payment processor.
- The user henceforth can either do one of the follwoing to make payments:
  -  If the seerviece provider or the product seller accepts bitcoin, lightning payments, pay directly using lightning network
  - If the service provider or the product seller does not accept bitcoin  or lightning payments, use the credit card and the pin to authenticate yourself to the server that shall convert the bitcoin lightning to fiat and then directly transact with the merchant.
  
  From the developer's perspective, it must be easy to integrate. 
  From the user's perspective, it must be instant, seamless.
  From the company's perspective it must be revenue generating at a scale to make profit.
  
